Let's take a look at the config file we created for the WebSocket application.
As you can see in the demo,
we have created a WebSocketConfig class
which implements the WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurer class,
and override registers stompEndpoints and ConfigureMessageBroker are missing.
In this method, we are creating a broker.
So we're defining an endpoint,
and in here, we are saying,
we are using SockJS.
In the ConfigMessageBroker method,
we are enabling this broker and we add a prefix for it.
Then we add an application destination prefix to send the message to the correct channel.
After we're done with all the class,
we annotate this class with configuration.
Also with this annotation,
we enabled the WebSocketMessageBroker.